Datasets
This folder contains various datasets for data analysis and Classification of Scam(fraud) detection from email/sms messages. Each dataset is stored in a separate csv file, providing detailed information about its content, format, and usage. Data preprocessing techniques are being applied ion all of these datasets before integrating all of them in a single dataset file format.

Dataset 1
Dataset 1 file is composed of phishing(fraud) texts generated by AI supported Text generated engines and is stored with the name of 'phishing_templates_gpt1 - phishing_templates_gpt1.csv.csv'. it consists of two columns, 'text features' and 'labels'.

Dataset 2
Dataset 2 file consist of spam texts messages available publicaly and is stored with the name of 'spam Text messages - spam Text messages.csv.csv'. it consists of 5 columns, 'Texts', 'Is text Spam or not', Nan, Nan and Nan.

Dataset 3
Dataset 3 file consist of fake jobs posting dataset, available publicaly and is stored with the name of 'fake_job_postings - fake_job_postings.csv.csv'. it consists of 20 columns of categorical, numerical and binary attributes.

Dataset 4
Dataset 4 file consist of 2 sub folders with the name of 'spam' and 'ham'. it contains both spam/ non-spam email messages. These two sub datasets are first integrated randomly and then preprocessed. it consists of 2 columns.

Dataset 5
Dataset 5 file consist of fake recruitment posting datasets, available publicaly and is stored with the name of 'RecruitmentSCAM - RecruitmentSCAM.csv'. it has columns of categorical, numerical and binary attributes before preprocessing step.
